Fc 1454 negotiable quote temp shipping address (#705)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/advanced/checkout/temporary-shipping-address.mdx

      );
    },
    isRelevant: () => true,
    isDisplayable: () => true,
  },
```

You must be sure to pass a shipping address without ID to the
`ChooseShippingMethod` component in the `stepsDefinition.js` file by editing the
`Address` component that handle address selection.

```jsx title="web/theme/pages/Checkout/stepDefinitions.js"
<ChooseShippingMethod
  // highlight-start
  // On the line below, if an address has an id, it will use id in address book
  // if not it will use the temporary address
  shippingAddress={props.checkoutState.shippingAddress}
  // highlight-end
  billingAddress={props.checkoutState.billingAddress}
  setShippingAddress={props.setShippingAddress}
  setBillingAddress={props.setBillingAddress}
  initialShipping={{
    shippingMethod: props.checkoutState.shippingMethod,
    shippingAdditionalInfo: props.checkoutState.shippingAdditionalInfo,
  }}
  onChooseShippingMethod={(method) => {
    const { additionalData, ...rest } = method;
    props.checkoutTransaction(() => {
      props.setShippingMethod(rest);
      props.setShippingAdditionalInfo(additionalData || {});
    });
  }}
  onChangeShippingAddress={() => props.gotoStepNumber(0)}
/>
```

> ## Nagociable quote checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Negotiable quote checkout
```

> You need to override the `EnhanceAddress` enhancer. And on set checkout shipping
> address, you must add an input to the mutation to specify if you need to save or
> not the address. It's original location is :

Reviewer: **nit:** I find the sentence a bit harsh to read.

**suggestion:** Rework the sentence.
```suggestion
You will need to override the `EnhanceAddress` enhancer, and add an input to the mutation to specify if the address needs to be save or not. Its original location is :
```

> not the address. It's original location is :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not the address. Its original location is :
```
